Distributed communication docs for Lite (#16373)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-pytorch/fabric/advanced/distributed_communication.rst

:orphan:

###########################################
Communication between distributed processes
###########################################

> With Fabric you can easily access information about a process or send data between processes with a standardized API and agnostic to the distributed strategy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Fabric, you can easily access processes or send data between processes with a standardized API that is agnostic to the selected distributed strategy.
```

Reviewer 2: you can't actually access the process. So I prefer @awaelchli formulation!

----

*******************
Rank and world size
*******************

> The rank assigned to a process is a number in the range of *0, ..., world size - 1*, where *world size* is the total number of distributed processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rank assigned to a process is a zero-base index of *0, ..., world size - 1*, where *world size* is the total number of distributed processes.
```

Reviewer 2: `zero-based` index :)

We can also identify processes by their **local rank**, which is only unique among processes runing on the same machine, but is not unique globally across all machines.
Finally, each process is associated with a **node rank** in the range *0, ..., num nodes - 1*, which identifies on which machine (node) the process is running on.

.. figure:: https://pl-public-data.s3.amazonaws.com/assets_lightning/fabric_collectives_ranks.jpeg
   :alt: The different type of process ranks: Local, global, node.
   :width: 100%

Here is how you launch multiple processes in Fabric:

.. code-block:: python

    from lightning.fabric import Fabric

    # Devices and num_nodes determine how many processes there are
    fabric = Fabric(devices=2, num_nodes=3)
    fabric.launch()

Learn more about :doc:`launching distributed training <../fundamentals/launch>`.
And here is how you access all rank and world size information:

.. code-block:: python

    # The total number of processes running across all devices and nodes
    fabric.world_size  # 2 * 3 = 6

    # The global index of the current process across all devices and nodes

>     fabric.global_rank

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fabric.global_rank  # -> {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5}
```

    # The index of the current process among the processes running on the local node

>     fabric.local_rank

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fabric.local_rank  # -> {0, 1, 2}
```

    # The index of the current node

>     fabric.node_rank

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fabric.node_rank  # -> {0, 1}
```
